Update to use the LCN frontend panel (#34635)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/lcn.markdown

  - scene
  - sensor
  - switch
ha_config_flow: true
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The `lcn` integration for Home Assistant allows you to connect to [LCN](https://www.lcn.eu/) hardware devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **LCN** {% term integration %} for Home Assistant allows you to connect to [LCN](https://www.lcn.eu/) hardware devices.
```

> The integration requires one unused license of the coupling software LCN-PCHK (version >2.8) and an LCN hardware coupler. Alternatively, an LCN-VISU or LCN-PKE coupler can be used which offers at least two PCHK licenses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites

The integration requires one unused license of the coupling software LCN-PCHK (version >2.8) and an LCN hardware coupler. Alternatively, an LCN-VISU or LCN-PKE coupler can be used which offers at least two PCHK licenses.
```

With this setup sending and receiving commands to and from LCN modules is possible.

The `lcn` integration allows connections to more than one hardware coupler. For each coupler, a new integration entry needs to be created.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Supported device types

```

  - scene
  - sensor
  - switch
ha_config_flow: true
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The **LCN** {% term integration %} for Home Assistant allows you to connect to [LCN](https://www.lcn.eu/) hardware devices.

## Prerequisites

> The integration requires one unused license of the coupling software LCN-PCHK (version >2.8) and an LCN hardware coupler. Alternatively, an LCN-VISU or LCN-PKE coupler can be used which offers at least two PCHK licenses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The integration requires one unused license of the coupling software LCN-PCHK (version >2.8) and an LCN hardware coupler. 
- Alternatively, an LCN-VISU or LCN-PKE coupler can be used which offers at least two PCHK licenses.
```

> With this setup sending and receiving commands to and from LCN modules is possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this setup, sending and receiving commands to and from LCN modules is possible.
```

> The `lcn` integration allows connections to more than one hardware coupler. For each coupler, a new integration entry needs to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lcn` integration allows connections to more than one hardware coupler. For each coupler, a new integration entry needs to be created.

```

They are ideal to be used in automation scripts or for the `template` platforms.
{% endnote %}

> {% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

They are ideal to be used in automation scripts or for the `template` platforms.
{% endnote %}

## Setting up devices and entites

> The `lcn` hardware modules and groups are represented by Home Assistant *devices*. The periphery of each `lcn` module is represented by Home Assistant *entities*. Peripheries are for example the output ports, relays and variables of a module. Refer to the description of each [platform](#platforms) to learn about which entity should be used for which periphery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lcn` hardware modules and groups are represented by Home Assistant *devices*. The periphery of each `lcn` module is represented by Home Assistant *entities*. Peripheries are, for example, the output ports, relays, and variables of a module. Refer to the description of each [platform](#platforms) to learn about which entity should be used for which periphery.
```

The configuration of the `lcn` devices and entities is completely done using a web user interface (configuration panel).

> Once the integration is added to Home Assistant, the `lcn` configuration panel can be accessed by clicking on the `Configure` button next to the respective integration entry on the [LCN integration page](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/integration/?domain=lcn).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the integration is added to Home Assistant, you can access the `lcn` configuration panel by selecting the **Configure** button next to the respective integration entry on the [LCN integration page](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/integration/?domain=lcn).
```

  address: myhome.0.7
  pck: PIN4
```

## LCN constants

The [actions](#actions) use several predefined constants as parameters.

### Ports

| Constant       | Values                                                                                                         |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| OUTPUT_PORT    | `output1`, `output2`, `output3`, `output4`                                                                     |

### Motors

The motor values specify which hardware relay or outputs configuration will be used:

|  Motor   | Relay on/off | Relay up/down |
| :------: | :----------: | :-----------: |
| `motor1` |   `relay1`   |   `relay2`    |
| `motor2` |   `relay3`   |   `relay4`    |
| `motor3` |   `relay5`   |   `relay6`    |
| `motor4` |   `relay7`   |   `relay8`    |

|   Motor   | Output up | Output down |
| :-------: | :-------: | :---------: |
| `outputs` | `output1` |  `output2`  |

> ### Variables and Units

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Variables and units
```
